KevS-SK1628-KFT0018766-Update-Enable-emails-included-for-WebHosting-TRANSLATIONS (#6610)
ovh/docs: pages/web_cloud/web_hosting/activate-email-hosting/guide.en-gb.md

## Requirements

- A [domain name](/links/web/domains){.external} registered with OVHcloud or a [DNS zone](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en-gb/domains/dns-subdomain/){.external} of a domain name not registered with OVHcloud 

> - An [OVHcloud Web Hosting plan](/links/web/hosting) (excluding free 100M hosting and STARTER offers)

Author: ```suggestion
- An [OVHcloud Web Hosting plan](/links/web/hosting) (excluding "100 MB free hosting" and "Start10m" offers)
```
